ah
hello and welcome to a new video of
geek kirchner
today I want to show you how to turn on and
turn off the screen of our terminal
without using the button Where
all this is for all those who
they are always suffering with the button
power that is not broken by its possible
weakness or for those who have
wishes to have the double tap that comes
in the in the new models of lg
for do
turning off and on the screen without
use the power button we will use
22 applications
the first is what cream is
which can be found in the market
and we look for what he writes and there
countless applications that make
exactly the same
I have one that is perhaps the most
simple that there is this and it occupies very little
34 houses but apart from the simple ones
what you have to do is activate a simple
widget on the desktop and press it and
go out
let's see how it is configured we enter
just install it we will appear this
screen to
when activating the application then
we have to activate what cream is for
what
the widget is able to give you the
permissions are able to turn off the screen
then we go to
to the desk
sorry
we mark widget and install
the widget
of the application
I do not get the permission to give
device manager
as for example we would appear this
screen where we have to give
and permissions for the application to be
able to turn off the screen
and it's as simple as pressing on the
padlock on the widget and turn off the
screen the second application that
I wanted to show you
gravity screen off
we put here gravity screen has two
versions one free and one pro for
use it you could start with the
free but the truth is that it 's pretty
complete and for the price that is me
It looks like it's a little euro
the free one seems to me that only
has a limitation of 15 minutes
let's see how it works because it is capable of
turn the screen on and off
is able to turn on and off the
screen using all part of the
sensors that we have or the proximity
or the accelerometer
let's see how they work
gravity for the graffiti I have it
I configured configured to be
I paid with the proximity sensor
you can see how you can as
Can be used with the sensor
pocket that also goes out that is
when he detected that you put it in a
pocket by the by the kind of
inclination that we are giving him the
it automatically turns off also the
upside down when using it mouth
down
the terminal would shut down we can activate
the
the lying on his back also
and at the top we can also
use in any direction the
pocket sensor turn off the screen
by proximity turn on the screen by
proximity joel turn off screen by
proximity I have it disconnected because
he used the previously what screen
he mentioned but he did use the
turn on the screen by proximity is
say only by passing your hand through the
proximity sensor which is not
working constantly but you see
that is configured to work for
say something 5 seconds and another five
seconds the sensor is off
you can turn on the screen by the
movement is also turned off by
movement shaking the phone goes off
keep the screen by movement is
to say, it has many very many
configurations
keep running while there is a
phone call notification for
that is always
is always running and has the
function to run at startup to
that just turn on the phone already
start to work has a mode a
pause mode as you can see if you touch the
screen the service is paused then
it would stop working until I did not
let's go back on
the truth that I am very happy and now
I'm going to show you the consumptions I've
had in the last 10 hours
as you can see
now the statistics updates the
terminal has been on for 10 hours 50
minutes has been awake 18% as
you can see the maximum consumption I have
had
with gmail here is the
the use of the cpu
and order by use vale
the application so you can see
only active in double quotes
seconds and really spending already what
I can assure you, what is we, let's go?
little in execution if we put it by
execution you can also see that it is not
in none of the posts
in use, you can see it
and now I'm going to show you that neither
prevents the phone from getting deep
sleep as you can check here happens
exactly the same takes 10 hours 50
minutes in the terminal working and
I really got into deep sleep 9
hours that 9 hours has been
running the application is to say that
neither the consumption as I say is not
nothing special
Well I hope you have enjoyed forgiveness
sorry once the application is installed and
and execute it you will also appear
the screen of
device manager so that
let's give it to him so that we give him the permissions
relevant so you can turn on and
turn off the screen as in the application
what he writes
Well now it is everything and I hope that
I have helped you come many thanks
and see you in the next video